Mr. Sha, Mr. Sha, you are here
We're talking about the Ye family's maid
I actually bumped into Master Lin
The means are really high
Looks like you like to gossip
To his wife and daughter
Schedule some tidbits
Then invite him over to experience it.
Reckless by everyone
Sha Zong Sha Zong
Mr. Sha, I'm sorry I was wrong.
I'm courting death
Sha Zong Sha Zong
Spare my wife and daughter, Mr. Sha
Why is this person so haunted?
What a mess
Sister, what's the matter with you?
Don't you like the flowers I gave you?
No, it's just that the gift you gave is too precious.
I didn't know how to respond at the moment
Sister doesn't have to do anything
I just need to be my model for the rest of my life
Xiaobei, go upstairs with your sister
I need to talk to you.
I'll let you go, just go first
Ok let me listen
Madam, since you gave me a chance
Of course I'm going to use all my means
Let you take a good look